and the best way to survive open air and
Oslo is by making friends with an
octopus so this episode of hannah hannah
it was so fucking weird like it would
Epica shit but with the whole bromance
an activist and gala where that was just
so weird it's tough so basically on the
standard accepted kilowatts or ikea sure
to save bites the octopus pretty much
owns him as he tries to escape grabs him
by his head like by his cleft gani
saying yo I'm gonna you ten seconds
which by the way was like the longest 10
seconds ever no no that was just like
really slow down or was that just like
you shown in compassion for that is like
you know 10 seconds if you don't let go
I'm gonna cut you Danny like he actually
does it himself saying you know I don't
want to do that to myself like anything
shows that I wanted to be a squid not
like an octopus cuz they're like all
delicate and flamboyant it's like what
octopus is like crusty and it's like I
kind of respected the guy when I don't
like a pots he didn't want to you know
sell out his friends or anything you
don't want to do anything either and he
killer aggressive good he said yo you
were actually cool guy and it's like if
you would you know I know an end we
could have been friends and it was like
really emotional and to be honest it was
thanks to this octopus a killer was
pretty much still around because the fly
guy up there is key with like cowgate
information because he's dragonflies
can't get over there so pretty much it
since by having telepathy he couldn't
tell his mind usually to be like you
stole bad news like scratching head like
I go like whatever I can do and when
killer for all shit was over he gets
planted with some sort of bug and he
gets hit by these fucking swordfish and
finds out that these two sibling the
Fishman leukemias user tag-team tornell
ability that the sister is the one that
makes saw that the contact move it's
almost like so the actual ability works
while the brother can actually throw
darts use the bot the body they starting
as a dart board you can't stop them like
they materialize lychee because they
about to enter your skin sword and this
is so crazy like with this ability like
killer get fucked up and let them ride
ago and while using his time but is it w
can see like his whole body changed
in color and stuff and when you see that
it just looked crazy if I at the last
second does kilowatt pretty much saved
his ass like when you see those two go
two expected body because they go for
the head at the end of double 20s like
he he just go to fuck these guys I'll be
just like single shop buxom up like that
he just cry chop them nuff said heads go
fly and shows that he used on the
octopus suction cups and that he used
like the second that thing pissed his
skin he uses his like Christie or just
to go around and grab a bite stingers
like that to slow it down I was like I
was so fucking sick and then he should
see how much blood kid was like he's
lost enough as it is going against that
guy a guy from last episode but then
using that it's just like he's pretty
much on the floor dead Eddie if it
wasn't for that octopus it picks him up
at the end that was bad you know he
would be around see God and then you see
a bit with gone at this episode like
saying we're talking with the guy saying
you know you show some fair to obtain yo
if you fuckin lied to me I will fuck you
up like it was pretty cool that wasn't
two biggest like the whole killer stuff
this episode but I get this episode
today I really enjoyed it like next week
what da fuck it looks like some crazy
shits going on but that's all for me I
wants to think that my swatches always
remember strava van de Sanna and i'll
see you guys next time